Networking aspects:
xd

Contributions:
Marc Ruiz -> design and setup of UI, tutorial and project settings.
Raul Cano -> main programmer, fixed connection backend and core mechanics.
Alex Gesti -> programmer, fixed and readied 3D assets, applied UI and user interaction.
Isaac Digón -> fixes with Raul, project files, some network fixes.

Improvements:
In regards to our previous release, many major changes have been made.
The core network connection has been somewhat replaced by a combined version of our various tries,
and finnally works properly, without much problems on the run and lets the gameplay section
proceed at ease. A new system with tags for packets allows to easily identify information and reply properly, in an organised way.
As for the user interface, this new revamp is to provide the user with a much better and more intuitive interaction, as well as opening new options not available before, such as settings menu and exit. There is now a button to show the tutoial at the very first menu. In addition to local settings, when creating a game as a host there is now an option to configure the in-game settings, such as maps, game modes and max amount of objects. Chat is now fully functional among lobby players. It even tells you how many players are awaiting.
When it comes to the gameplay, the experience has been thoroughly enhanced. Each player has its name clearly indicated above them, and their color is distinct from each other. The "substance" bags also carry more visual appealing, as well as the buffed effect once someone grabs the correct one. Finnally, a transition animation is combined with the winning screen, allowing a rematch and giving the prize as a cool crown.

Issues:
The movement of the players who caught the correct bag might not resolve properly if heavy network lag appears, but still depends on the speed we configured and the amount of players.
Some tricky code may pop connections if attempted multiple times successively, so we distrust players to do so and behave soft with our client.
